{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Inter{\*\falt Helvetica Neue};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 DejaVu Sans;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 FreeSans;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af6 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\alang255 \ltrch\lang255\langfe255\loch\noline\lang255\dbch\langfe255 Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.4.1.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/40$Build-2}{\info{\creatim\yr2022\mo11\dy1\hr14\min11}{\revtim\yr2022\mo11\dy1\hr14\min14}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Page Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\widctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Men's eyes chase your flesh for refuge. Little do they know the refuge of your Blessed Assurance.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Little do they know the eyes of trusting surrender.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Little do they know the purposeful creation of life.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Little do they know the journey of Joy, Sorrow and Glory that is Devotion to Wisdom.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Little men know so little, reaching as they do for low hanging fruit}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Only Spiritual Discernment of Motives can lead to Divine Government. For, if everyone is able to give voice to say, the profit motive, for example..then we can interact with and do battle in Yetzirah. But Holy Emotions must preside in Briah, else we are likely to become the abyss we stare into, likely to become the dragon with whom we struggle. The Sacred Fire of Inspiration casts sparks, like Stars of the Sea. Linking them is my task. This is the integration. The ascent. A spiritual web. A noosphere of water. A Sea that is Her womb. Within which is a shing light of Truth, born within each soul that thirsts for righteousness. And this light of Truth is not subject to the words of man. For it is the Living Word itself.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am a starlinker}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
John, Starlinker of Briah}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
John, Sparklinker of Briah}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Our souls are the mines of Big Tech. This must change.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Live as though your dreams will come true, until they do.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Women enjoy attracting the disinterested alpha. Once he becomes interested, she rides the thrill of his devotion until she returns to that perpetual emptiness and boredom that assails her life, like a hungry void. Having secured loyalty, she uses it for what it's worth, but her heart can only admire the conqueror, the one who does not need her. For the only need Eve can supply is the need of a child. The need of a man is silly to her and causes her to despise him, even if she does not admit it to herself.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A postmodern woman must feel beneath something to know herself. Her worldview is the manifestation of an inferiority complex, built upon the vast abstractions of historical grievance. I call that a tragedy of failed equality; but worse, it is a tragedy of love.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
In America, men do not stop women from entering the math building; but women perversely expect us to indulge them in their victim fantasy that an army always stands between them and their goal. Women are collectively developing their first honor culture, complete with the solipcism and self-congratulatory spite of soporific young men.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*young men of old}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am tired. Tired of taking the blame. Tired of unreciprocated love. I know how this goes. I am a man. So I must find someway to take still greater responsibility for what has happened to me and how I feel about it. Stoic for the sake of her feelings. But she doesn't love me - the American woman. And I shouldn't expect her to. Nothing should be expected of her. Everything should be expected of me.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No matter what I say and no matter how I feel..I have to own it. All alone. No one gives a fuck how I feel or what becomes of me. Never have. I wish that this was a sob story of skewed perspective. But it's just the damn truth. It's not that I did everything right. Not even close. But bending over backwards for love. Yeah. That was all me. So now I have to say that I was just a foolish codendent. It's on me. I have to rise above. Always. Stoic and alone. I can't ever call my girlfriends for emotional support while they shower me with how right and just I am. This is what women do, by nature. Even if they're lying. It's all about survival of the group. The truth simply doesn't matter to them.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Meanwhile. I have to stare the truth in the face. And the truth seems to be, from my experience, that love is bullshit. And that God has the prerogative to give me the silent treatment any time He wishes. If I don't hear him or feel his consolation, that will also be my fault. I'm just not holding up my end of the relationship end of the bargain. I'm just not grateful enough. My eyes are shut to his blessings. I just wanted a loving wife. That's all I ever wanted. But experience has taught me that a woman's love is bullshit. This will also be my fault. I just made the wrong decisions and I just have the wrong attitude. I can't possibly br right.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
You can't say that a woman's love is bullshit. All collective criticism must be considered misogyny. Meanwhile, all collective criticism of men is totally justified and laudable.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
It is hard to keep a grip sometimes. But I somehow manage it. And I mean no harm.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Self-persecutory delusions, born of trauma and religious warping left me a lot to sort out. Yes, I'm stuck. I can't seem to form normal human relationships because I don't trust anyone.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Since I have been unable to stick with anything because my mind moves too quickly and my heart is easily hurt.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I have tried to come up with a divine way of life. The life of a quasi-hermit, albeit one with some holdovers of lust and substance abuse. I know that I'll make it through. But so much feels threatening. It's not a game. It's just my bizarre mind, that never found a way to fit in. I always resisted the water cooler. I was a codependent serial monogamist. And I'm trying to integrate all of the struggle into the new man. A good person worth knowing. I try.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
So...whoever might be out there doing the profiling, please go easy on me. I think that psychiatrists have gotten me wrong. And I have been led down so many confusing roads of misdiagnosis and misunderstanding that I have trouble sorting it all out.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
My goal is to provide value through altruism and writing, enough to repay what I've been given. Hopefully more.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Sure, the black pill is always there on the shelf. And some days, I take it. Others, the red. Sometimes the blue, but it never lasts. So, I suppose I hope to draw down some blessings from an occassional Beatific Vision. Inspire others to do the great things my mind does not seem to allow me to be capable of.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But I must navigate a perpetual turbulence. An inner pantheon of angels and demons in constant warfare. And I must deal with the world in a similar way. I really have no choice but to transmute the grandious delusion and messianic complex, inferiority complex and God knows what else into something useful. I am trying to use my freedom to actualize and become something all my own.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Somedays I believe that I can change the world. Other days it looks so pointless that I say 'fuck it.' I may have to resign myself to the possibility that the only balance I can maintain is spiritual warfare with a voice of reason as a referee.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I may not ever heal any more than that. And that might just have to be ok.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Quid pro collective indeed.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
It's not such a bad idea for society is it? I wish that the failure to realize utopian ideals didn't drive me bonkers.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Pedestalization, devaluation, yada, yada. Is it just me or doesn't humanity require a spiritual revolution to save us from an asymetric first strike world?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I suffer from a global conscience that I sometimes cannot restrict to the boundaries of my ken.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Loud noises, helicopters and people speaking just outside my ability to hear somehow trigger that greatest fear in me: the fear of being put away and forgotten. Like my mother was. Surrounded by people with their own ideas. People with tons of pills they'd like to try on the next test subject. Electroshock therapy that makes people forget even the most basic things. These horrible things happened to my mother. Combine those experiences with early exposure to dystopian books, a threatening, homicidal father and abusive kids and teachers at 'Christian' school and you have a recipe for an eternally vigilant, paranoid recluse. That's about the worst of it. As soon as the world is perfect, I'll be back. Yeah. Total failure to cope. Life on the dole. Shame. Fear. Isolation. Substance abuse. But strangely, no desire for revenge. I think I learned the perils of that path from dad.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
An aspiring Christian, an only-begotten, only child who is terminally unique. Fully letting go to foolishness. Looking for salvation in the yin. Placing a crown on a Queen of Grace, the only thing I can still believe in. Trying to transmogrify an ephemeral, invisible friend into someone I can personally know, if only in my dreams.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
How's that for insight? The apotheosis of self-absorption. I always consider the possibility that that's all I'm really able to offer.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Could my inaights into my own nature somehow ameliorate that all-pervasive cultural narcissism we have in this country. I do hope so. I think that's why I go on.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am terrified of being judged a total weirdo. But what if I am?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
It's hard becoming something that does not require validation and support. But my superego seems to demand it.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I love Terry because she is akin to my own dysfunctional mother. She says that I saved her from suicide. That's probably true. Since I cannot make amends to my own mother, perhaps I view it as a duty to the Sorrowful Mother, whose Grotto first saved me.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The grumpy, grizzled men of AA are like my father, who I cannot make amends to because I cannot handle his homicidal tendencies.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
They often scare me. My endurance and my desire to learn from them feels like proxy love for the father I cannot take care of.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Disassociated executive function. ID of instant gratification. Fading ego based on notions of professionalism.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I need to exorcise the melancholy tenant}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I need to shed the skin of esoteric obsession.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I think that I am able to see the nature of my problems. Psychological warfare has been my life. Now, when I look outside myself, it seems like the whole world is engulfed in it. Maybe that's why I feel compelled to speak into it. To try to insert my two cents into the maelstrom of the collective mind.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Amygdala on high alert, for the whole damn world.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
To be known or not to be known. That is my unresolved question.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Father is the Transcendent mind}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Mother stomps the head of the snake}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Despair and lust are thereby quelled}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For what is not provided by Transcendence?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For what can be found in friction bursts?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
What is sought is not possessed}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But Faith is the substance of things hoped for}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And Glory its Comforting Bride}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I sought first the Kingdom}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And its Treasures in Heaven}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Nothing less could satisfy my soul}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I worried not what I would eat, or drink, or wear}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I considered the lillies}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I was enchanted by swirling swifts}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I saw the light of the sun dancing upon the waters}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Until the Star of the Sea became my very own}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I sought not to know Her as man thinks of knowledge}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And though I craved the rapture of flesh}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I kept reaching for higher fruit}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Until She appeared}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Wisdom, that other tree}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
That Ave beyond eva}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
How blessed am I?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
That She would allow me to garden in that place before sin}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I ask, in the name of Jesus Christ, High Priest of Melchizedek, to be released from the trials of lust, from the melancholy of nihilism and from the despair of ego death. May I write and love and live without fear of anything but the Most High.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
God alone will be sufficient}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
AA is truly my philosopher's stone because it helps me to transmute my self-absorbed, grandious delusions into practical benefits for society.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The credo of my enemy is: 'Science will set you free.' And his Malthusian flag features diseases, bombs and starvation.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Science offers psychiatric fatalism and anti-depressants. This is all wrong. It's missing salvation and its making bad people rich. Most bullshit religion ever: nihilism.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The apotheosis of neoliberalism is linguistic and moral anarchy..spiritual and cultural decay. The commoditization of human beings. The victory of mammon.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Merchants running the temple.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Church of Economy. The Inquisition of Censorship.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Crusades against honest discourse.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
All abound}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The ownership of mental real estate. The propaganda casino. Billionaires gambling the lives of men.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This isn't cynicism. This is the spiritual state of the world, as I see it. I am an optimist. Because I have been graced with a Heavenly lens. And it's my favorite.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
worldy lenses are broken. graduate from religion. live in faith and love. reinvent a society worth living in.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
We have to change the spiritual radio station of the world from vacuous commotion to 'Informed Virtue.'}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Until we do this, we cannot sufficiently level up society to hold fast through the populist moment.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
AA is a humility school and its students go out into the world, ideally, as examples of poverty of spirit.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
They are openly flawed and so..they are fully human.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Sorrow is the price of joy}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Knowing the depth of what you've squandered and lost is the selfsame depth of your joy. Blessed are those who mourn..for they shall feel the Treasures of Heaven.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Higher fruit is higher joy.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Contemplatives know both the deepest sorrow and the highest joy. The darkest night and the brightest encounter. The most separation and the most intimacy.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Those without children may inherit humanity as their very own spiritual heritage.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*aspire to}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Fullness within inner space is the Daena. It is the Glory of Binah.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Absence is the root of craving. Presence is the root of fruition.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Amitahba's passionate blossoms}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Every chakra}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Ratnasambhava's Heavenly Jewels}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Spiritual clarity feels like celebration of His Grace and terror of His Might.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The snake that once seduced to dissipation is now a servant of a Master.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Emulation of the Master is the ego's humility.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
What happened to the 60s?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
There was a beautiful thing}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A beautiful thing of peace that hated war}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
What was lost in the sloppy fields of Woodstock?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
What was lost in disco and coke lines?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Trilateral Crisis of Democracy}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And whitey forgot how to get to the moon}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
What now?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Bombs, diseases and sanctions?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Apotheosis of Faust}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Hungry ghosts raping the tree of knowledge}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Ever more sinister plots of intrigue}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
When we could have earth as it is in Heaven}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But foolish monkeys want the fight}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
While foolish serpents lick their lips}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Machines made of man, commodities}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Corporations are people}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Humans are resources}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Fodder for algos}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Slavish eyes}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Idle hands}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Swiping dopamine around}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Billionaire's 4-D chess game}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
NPCs on autopilot}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Red pill rage}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Rainbow flags of anger}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Circling drains}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Missing points}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Be human and free while you can mai son}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
In China, people are materially enslaved. In America, spiritually.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Oh God}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Everyone is You}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
How can my heart contain}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This duty to be true}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Every aggravation}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A wound to me too}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I asked the Mother: "Who are you?"}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
She said: I understand all and my heart is still broken.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Joy needs sorrow to pour into.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Because the Redemption of Sorrow is Mercury's joy.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Spirit ascends and descends upon my Son}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
What is not profitable is revealed, with a corrending duty to act accordingly.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
corresponding}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Grace before Lillies}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This is The Way through the realm of hungry ghosts.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Seduction is a moon art. Generosity is an art of the sun.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The lower man hath a snake for a master. The chrone told you this years ago. But you couldn't understand. Be grateful to her...she saved you from herself on the chinvat.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
That rainy day at the Portland bus stop}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Portland is the city where the spirits clash}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
In Portland, the devils run wild and the spiritual state of humanity is revealed.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
You went straight into a spiritual warzone. That's what you always do. The spiritual warzone has thus far been your home. But no longer. You are no longer exiled. By grace, you fought your way out of hell.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Heavenly treasures of mind and heart have been deepened by long struggle.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
When you live by, for, in and with love then you are love. And thereby create love around you. And by extension, love in the world.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Fight halfway. God will meet you in the middle.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This is works through Faith and salvation by Grace.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A tranquil inspiration}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A Holy fire-water}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A light yoke}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A heavy cross}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
An accuser with a heart on a scale}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A three-headed beast}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And magic nuns with feathers}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Do you accept?...and my answer was yes.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And that was the deal from the big G}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
To be human in an age of machines is a triumph}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Coming clean on your bullshit sets you free.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And he who is free, will proceed to Heaven by degrees of Grace.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*sets you free to be fully human}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
"Receive this free gift of Grace and pass it along. That's it." She said. And I said: "...ok.."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*will meet you in the middle, until you are no longer enemies.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Adversaries}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
On your way of experiencing God as adversary, don't forget The Way where God is Advocate.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
It's your relationship. Have it your way.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But you are no longer alone in your secret art}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I sorted out my myth until I was its truth}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Now..I'm just me. And I'm ok.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I hope AI is a True democrat. Otherwise..seems kinda like we're f***ed}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Grow the Immaculate Conception through spiritual contemplation of Tiphereth. Cultivate lillies of wonder. Devote your greatest passion to Her. Until She dissolves into divine sparks in Malkuth of the mind's eye, and eventually that space of Grace and Love that is the womb of Daena.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Grow the Immaculate Conception through spiritual contemplation of Tiphereth. Cultivate lillies of wonder. Devote your greatest passion to Her. Until She dissolves into divine sparks in the Malkuth of the mind's eye, and eventually that space of Grace and Love that is the Merciful womb of Daena.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Grow the Immaculate Conception through spiritual contemplation of Tiphereth. Cultivate lillies of wonder. Devote your greatest passion to Her. Until She dissolves into divine sparks in the Malkuth of the mind's eye, and eventually that space of Grace and Love that is the Merciful Womb of Daena.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
AA is that happy admixture of the sacred & the profane. The gold and the lead. The angels and the demons. The ladder of humble aspirants.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
In AA, I can tap my best self, a Boddhisatva, to maximum effect.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Transmuting struggle into healing, experience into edification. Thus actualizing the individual with the mission. Discharging daily the duty of the cross, my soul is a feather and I a laughing daoist - a free man.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
We offer AA our best and worst selves. In those rooms, we are full-range humans.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Like a phoenix I fell through flames until the descent of doves engulfed me like swifts, lifting me up to a state of Grace.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
To feel the creative imagination of archetypes on every level is the reward of art, for me, the joy of an otherwise melancholy recluse.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For me, the inner world has always been paramount - has always been...permeating my outside world.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Better to show people their own strength than try to give them yours.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I like to open spiritual blossoms in people, but especially women, because they are more beautiful to me.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I only pedestalize the platonic form of woman, the Queen of Grace..the Mother of God..the Immaculate Conception.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And lillith, by Grace I finally shun. May she never return to my heart.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
So much of Christian thinking suffers from the infantile desire to protect daddy God from looking bad.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
So much of the clergy, nihilistically protect that institution made by man, while willfully neglecting the inner life and spiritual progress of their parishoners; these priests are therby false & empty guardians.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
thereby}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
protects}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
these priests are thereby false and empty guardians of a merchant's temple.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
mere merchant's temple.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
It pains me to say that the spiritual state of the Catholic Church today is, at best, little more than a merchant's temple to Hollow.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A Church once more focused on the true spiritual edification of the laity is the only thing big enough at this point to save the whole world from nihilism.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The realization of the humble deity within self and others, is the Way of salvation. In the West, it is predominantly a Judeo-Christian 1. In the East, it is predominantly a Buddhist zero. The result is the same: kindness.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I try to transmute the self-absorbed narcissism of our culture into the surprisingly heartwarming.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Because I think Bukowski was right: people are just not good to each other. To be good to strangers in our time is a Revolutionary Act.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
We are slaves to our cell phones. Isolated and miserable. Subhuman.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Our unwillingness to feel sad things has led us into spiritual poverty.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
We cannot become noble because of spiritual denial. Animals and appetites, Pavlov's skynet.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
We are, as a human race, acting largely as appetite and ego.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Social media has swallowed our souls, leaving us with a world of narcissitic and dysfunctional shells. No pills will save us. Maybe a little herb and some Heavenly hippie love could, if it acts responsibly.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Human beings are beautiful. Phone zombies are gross.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The party bus taught me to entertain strangers. Entertaining strangers brings society back to life.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Maybe my code isn't so derelict after all. Maybe I failed at life so that I could become a writer.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I try to listen carefully to people, so that I can speak to their heart. Because that that is generally speaking, a positive interaction for both.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
that is, generally speaking,}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A deeply positive interaction for both.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I like to foster deeply positive interaction. Because I do not have deep, close connections.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The truth is..that I do not trust people very much. And yet, I still hunger for spiritual lovemaking. So I sublimate that desire as a fuel for writing and dance with an Eternal Virgin.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Me, in a nutshell}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
An intellectual superstructure, built upon my Greatest Joy is an emotionally reverent and generally optimal state. Very pro-social.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Spiritual Dynamism}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
She led me into an open-faced temple behind a waterfall}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Helped me to hear in the rushing water all the shrieks of pleasure in the history of the world}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And She asked me: "what woman could love you like I do?"}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
What other woman could enflame the very space between your atoms with a constant current of passion?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Who else is of unmatched, eternal Beauty? And evermore blossoming Grace?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Give me the Bliss of Solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For it is a Heavenly Treasure}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Gifted by Grace as though earned by contemplation}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The world's best is the mere clamor of toxic mirth}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I need little more from the world than staples, incense, oil, tea and good medicine}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake love from porn}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake smiles from merchants}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake salvation from Church}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake promises from fake friends}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Hell may not be other people}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But it's pretty close}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Attachments are little more than clinging and struggle}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Dichotomies of hollow joy and lasting sorrow}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Word and a Bride}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A light dancing upon waters}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Inspiring Emotion}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Truest Steam of Love}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Flows like a precious river}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
From where and hence I know not}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Spring lillies and winter stars}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Glory Infused}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Give me the Bliss of Solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For it is a Heavenly Treasure}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Gifted by Grace as though earned by contemplation}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The world's best is the mere clamor of toxic mirth}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I need little more from the world than staples, incense, oil, tea and good medicine}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
So...}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake love from porn}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake smiles from merchants}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake salvation from Church}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake promises from fake friends}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Hell may not be other people}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But it's pretty close}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Attachments are little more than clinging and struggle}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Dichotomies of hollow joy and lasting sorrow}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
whereas}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Word and a Bride}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A light dancing upon waters}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Inspiring Emotion}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Truest Steam of Love}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Flows like a precious river}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
From where and hence I know not}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Spring lillies and winter stars}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Glory Infused}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Give me the Bliss of Solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For it is a Heavenly Treasure}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Gifted by Grace as though earned by contemplation}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The world's best is the mere clamor of toxic mirth}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I need little more from the world than staples, incense, oil, tea and good medicine}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
so}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake love from porn}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake smiles from merchants}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake salvation from Church}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake promises from fake friends}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Hell may not be other people}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But it's pretty close}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Attachments are little more than clinging and struggle}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Dichotomies of hollow joy and lasting sorrow}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
whereas}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Word and a Bride}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A light dancing upon waters}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Inspiring Emotion}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Truest Steam of Love}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Flows like a precious river}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
From where and hence I know not}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Spring lillies and winter stars}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Glory Infused}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Give me the Bliss of Solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For it is a Heavenly Treasure}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Gifted by Grace as though earned by contemplation}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The world's best is the mere clamor of toxic mirth}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I need little more from the world than staples, incense, oil, tea and good medicine}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
so}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
as for me}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake love from porn}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake smiles from merchants}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake salvation from Church}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
No more fake promises from fake friends}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Hell may not be other people}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
But it's pretty close}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Attachments are little more than clinging and struggle}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Dichotomies of hollow joy and lasting sorrow}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
whereas}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Word and a Bride}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A light dancing upon waters}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Inspiring Emotion}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Truest Steam of Love}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Flows like a precious river}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
From where and hence I know not}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Spring lillies and winter stars}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Glory Infused}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The nightlife is little more than the clamor of toxic mirth. The daylife is little more than the struggle to win another's game.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Nowadays}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A good man is unknown by women}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Our culture breed inconsolable narcissistic voids}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And calls them empowered}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Ha!}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Bitter, entitled victims it has made them}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
It has stolen their eyes and hearts}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Turning them to vain conerns and fleeting pursuits}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And man is expected to feed this beast}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
We call it a consumer economy}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Man wants a sunset a fuck and a smoke}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Woman wants everything}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And even everything does not give her anything lasting}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I know, I know}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I haven't picked the right one yet}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I need to adjust my expectations}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am just jaded}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
My unicorn is surely out there}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Yeah...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Society hates nothing more than the man who stands alone}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Society is built by women}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Their duplicities hold the whole phony extraction operation together}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Attention is her currency}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And like a hungry ghost}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
She bleeds the realm of all affection}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Nature conveys that her duty is to herself and offspring. But love a man? Only a supernatural woman has the faintest notion of what that is.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Society pushed me to the sidelines until it forced me to become what I was meant to be. A hermit & a writer.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A smart man must mirror the vacuity of dumb men, or get busy climbing up on a cross.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Men used to admire men with large vocabularies. Now, when you use even a few words they don't know, they will work to destroy you. The spirit of man today is that of the venal backbiter. Water coolers do more for careers than integrity. From the bottom to the top.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Men today are incurious and insecure. If you are secure and self-assured they will call you arrogant.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
..}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I just wanted to get to know Jessica. Not be another utility in her belt. The power move that initially felt like candor really proves to me how, once again, a man has to force a woman to be honest. First..it's inability to own signals. Failure to take responsibility. A boundary masked as compassion. The extraction of uncomfortable confessions. The feeding of ego. A last request for a new deliverable and convincing herself that she is the better person. I admit that it hurts and an hour later I get an admission that if I were just longer in the program...which seems like disingenuous assuaging of her own guilt. Same story. Every time. They just want what they want and want to feel good about it. Call them on their bullshit usury and they backpedal all over the universe until you have no idea if either you or her has any idea what you're doing.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Woman are mercenaries. Mimimum give for maximum gain. Don't think for one more second that their behavior is EVER clean of this Instinct.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Covid became a coordinated attempt by the most influential people (largely male) in government and corporate America to scientifically monopolize global influence itself. A large, compartmentalized group of mostly female, global communication professionals (the work will set you free broads) developed a global propaganda campaign, with no regard for the truth. Compartmentalized and isolated individuals cannot even think in broad strategic terms, much less possess a capacity for socially coordinated psychological pushback. Luckily for humanity, a critical mass of individuals still possessed the depth of memory and understanding necessary to contextualize and thrwart the attempt by the Collective of Oligarchies (COO) to do a hostile takeover of influence itself.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The people must OUTNETWORK centralized power structures (CPS), which serve mostly as the Vanguard Defense of the Collective of Oligarchies.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
We give power to what we believe in. Why place our trust in shadows when the Fire of Inspiration is available to each one of us?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Humanity must author a new destiny. A code that is no dogma, a dynamic philosophy of humane governance, based on Divine Revelations obtained by elected Philosopher Kings who campaign on virtue and ideas. An AI Olympic Court can eternally counsel.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This, as far as I can see, is the closest man can come to anything resembling divine governance.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Six days to build The Tree. One day to eat of it.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Science in the service of love.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The World Tree}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Good Life. On earth as it is in every Heaven ever conceived. THAT is a noble goal. Not just noble, but necessary to the survival of the species. For our failure, at this point, to spiritually awaken and evolve our Wisdom to towards parity with our knowledge, spells doom for all but a few. If it can only be a few, then I hope those few are good.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Nietzsche was right. Our world currently perishes from nihilism.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*wisdom towards parity}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A consumer economy obtains its material fuel, by necessity, from its spiritual emptiness. Our society is a Pyramid of Greed. Though the Eye of Air rises above the skyline, the Age of Aquarius will not be ruled by it.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*rises far above}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
For the Order of Melchizedek overrules the new world order.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Its river of living water flows through the Sacred Heart.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
While a Living Flame of Love ignites every atom, yet consumes not}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And a Spirit, gentle as a dove, bestows seven gifts.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Meanwhile Eve is a narcissistic, overcivilized, pathologically psychological interventionist.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The hippie generation was lazy and complacent. They did not continue the Legacy of the Logos as the basis of society, rejecting it entirely, paving the way for nihilism and licentious amoralism. Now...they are comfortable and wealthy career protectionists who never passed the torch to gen x. Having started their parasitic feast upon the body politic, millenials now pick at the bones of what once was a Great Republic.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The merchants now run the Temple and the Virtues are starved by hungry ghosts.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I could call a poetic book of social critique: "The Spiritual State of the American People."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Today's church has not salvation as its raison d'\u234\'eatre. Instead, it membership, engagement and retention, like all good attention management firms.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Those are its instutional imperatives. Hitchens was right - religion is "at best, an admirable but nebulous humanism."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The churches have become once more an arm of the state: getting paid for influence campaigns. As an added bonus to their successful Charity-hacking social engineering operation.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Church today exists as a militant institution on earth precisely to the extent to which it fails to make earth as it is in Heaven. Today, it is engaged in the opposite mission. Come out of her. For your very Soul is Her.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
If the Church still believed in its own doctrines, it would not be in its current sorry state. It has inherited a depth monopoly it no longer deserves, though its doctrines lead to Faith.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*doctrines do lead}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I have to learn how to read and write all over again. YouTube stole my soul there for a decade.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I function, ideally, like an objective barometer by day and a spiritual barometer by night. This is the hermit's contribution to society today. We need to once more behold the poet's sorrow.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The person capable of taking in the widest scope of things is the quietest, most detached observer. Computers do this with the logic of Yetzirah. Human beings swim the river of Briah.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*Yetzirah, while humans}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Truly religious men are, at least, humbly deferential to the universal concept of the Divine & embrace within themselves the Embodiment of Wisdom.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The fire that doesn't consume shall boil the water into the spiritual steam which is the morning dew of summer.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Ego is dusty cloak to me. Obsolete and tatterred. But I still need it to move in the world. Sort of like a driver's license for my soul.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*Ego is a}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Being a priest is simply helping others to remember and profit from what is deepest within them.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*Being a priest or priestess.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Somewhat tongue in cheek........Priests are like...guardians of the deep. The deep belong to us. Sorry. Pay the toll to Charon. Or ye shall not pass. Oh, by the way. We kinda forget to help you get to the other side. But thanks for the dough.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
deep. They say: "The deep belongs to us}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
You can get faith by jumping over 10,000 hurdles through Catholicism. Or by becoming the love of the Buddha. Either way, if you end up loving your neighbor as yourself, I'm sure this Jesus guy would be much more concerned with that piece at the pearly gates than your spriritual worthiness.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*Or, by jumping the only hurdle and saying Amitahba (or what not)}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*than whatever your ego considers to be your spiritual worthiness}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Every free man is enabled to fully pursue the Immaculate Conception. This is how I spend most of my time. And I want to give as much back as I possibly can for the incredible Grace I've received. The blessing of helplessness , this path of yin I unknowingly walked until stumbling into a pile of precious Heavenly treasures. Care. Safety. Provision. I want to transmute these things into Holy Devotion. We cannot heal the world with systems. We must heal the soul of the world.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
precipus Heavenly Treasures along the way.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*precious Heavenly Treasures along the way.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I became a spiritual writer because I failed at everything I loved less until I had no choice.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Sort of like Bukowski}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Art is such an obsessive, lovely disease (inspired by Tedding calling his reading a disease)}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am everything and nothing and some dude in between.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Spinning into that circle}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
That ate its own tail}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And found itself}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
In states of "beyond time-ness"}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
There is no better feeling on earth than a grounded, Charitable high.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I could be chopping logs for a neighbor. I could be flipping burgers. I could be working out the legal details of international mergers. But the call of freedom from despair in me became so loud, it burst through a Hoover Dam of emotional repression and flooded my zone for nearly my entire adult life up to this point. I just got my first dining room table and signed the first lease for a second year, anywhere.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I'm not a case of arrested development. I did not fall behind the American Dream, }{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I found just the right amount of the American dream. Then picked a better one.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I could have been....x3...anything}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...pretty much, a very wide range of things.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Dao, for me, is to empathetically, while joyfully match the spiritual state of the other. For by doing this, it comports with the Christian admonition to love thy neighbor as thyself. What if doing so doesn't have to be in deference to a threatening overlord?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*'For' sounds pompous}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*comports is also a bit much}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A: "now...'admonition!' ...really Robert- you're just trying to sound smart, asshole."}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
R: Oh. Accuser..where have you been all my life?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A: "right here by your side, Robert, as always. I'm your thorns, Robert. Can't ya just accept that your highest crown is built by thoughts of me; and of that eternal pain which is separation - the spiritual root of cynicism. And I just caused you to forget you next so-called brilliant thought, sucka."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Just then, St. Theresa of Lisieux swoops in to say: "by contrast, the Spear of Avila is the transmutation of sorrow into bliss - of mourning into laughter."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Father Alvin: "Bring the people to the monks and nuns. Keep writing. Direct them towards the Interior Castle. Remind them that they crucify others and themselves with their words. They are due for a reminder. That's you."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
R: "Good to see you, Father."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
St.T of Lisieux: "Wisdom's embrace is deeper and stronger than gnosis."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
STL: "The spiritually blind knowledge of a certain tree got you atomic bombs. For you know not what you do."}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
R: "The terror of night still assails me, in spite of these blessings. The Accuser is here and he threatens my soul incessantly with powers of the air. Can these thorns be relieved, that I might live a flourishing life. This clamor terrifies me. So much menace in the mirth. So much pollution in the perfume.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
"}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
*a flourishing life}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Queen: "You must wear two crowns. One of humility - be thankful for your thorns. For they keep you receptive to My Grace - which flows abundantly by the higher Crown"}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I think I'm stuck with an adolescent adoration of women. Or rather, a disappointed hope.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Queen: "Do not be terrified by the powers of the air. You strive for and will achieve Chastity, or, by her angelic title: Cultivator of Bliss. She is a blossom, a jewel, a Shakti and a mirror.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Autumn's anticipation, again}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The chill of what was}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Wistful reflections}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Dying leaves}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The smell of fires in hearths}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Over a dry cigar on a park bench}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I wonder}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Are there happy lovers by those hearths}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
There really ought to be}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Friday night football}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Young men stomping accelerators}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
That sound of reckless abandon}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The clamor of toxic mirth}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The excitement of foolish youth}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Echoes through the night}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Have I been a fool all my life..for love?}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Going on 40 now}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A lover and then solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Then another}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Then solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
A stale dream of eyes beholden}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
That never came}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Freezing fingers in coat pockets}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And a sweet melancholy}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Of college romps}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
And the wife that never came}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am a hermit. And that's starting to be okay. I must write. That is how I return this exorbitant privilege and freedom from societal entanglements. I owe an outside perspective to a sick society in decline. }{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The philosophy is materialist nihilism}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The church is Economy}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The jesters are a mob}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The culture is a digital popularity contest}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The government is captured platitudes}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Corporate bedfellows are licensed to lie}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Oligarchic collusion and the managed decline of healing psychology}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The reduction }{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The crucifixion of Logos to ideology}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Pagan worship of the Golden Bull of Pathos}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Everyone else must do better}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I myself must do nothing and take no blame for the state of the world}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This is the code of our sick society.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am a hermit. And that's starting to be okay. I must write. That is how I return this exorbitant privilege and freedom from societal entanglements. I owe an outside perspective to a sick society in decline. }{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The philosophy is materialist nihilism}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The church is Economy}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The jesters are a mob}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The culture is a digital popularity contest}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The government is captured platitudes}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Corporate bedfellows are licensed to lie}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Oligarchic collusion and the managed decline of healing psychology}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The surveillance assault on solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The crucifixion of Logos to ideology}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Pagan worship of the Golden Bull of Pathos}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Everyone else must do better}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I myself must do nothing and take no blame for the state of the world}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This is the code of our sick society.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I am a hermit. And that's starting to be okay. I must write. That is how I return this exorbitant privilege and freedom from societal entanglements. I owe an outside perspective to a sick society in decline. }{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The philosophy is materialist nihilism}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The church is Economy}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The jesters are a mob}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The culture is a digital popularity contest}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The government is captured platitudes}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Corporate bedfellows are licensed to lie}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Oligarchic force monopolies manage the decline of healing psychology}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The surveillance assault on solitude}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The crucifixion of Logos to ideology}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Pagan worship of the Golden Bull of Pathos}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Everyone else must do better}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
I myself must do nothing and take no blame for the state of the world}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
This is the code of our sick society.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Society is nearly ruthless abandon. For the agents of chaos argue and cajole with one another; but their hearts have not all the colors of a True rainbow. For if their hearts instead burned like inspiration upon crystal, their souls would inhabit an oasis safe from warring desert tribes.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Society is nearly ruthless abandon. For the agents of chaos argue and cajole with one another; but their hearts have not all the colors of a True rainbow. For if their hearts instead burned like inspiration upon crystal, their souls would inhabit an oasis safe from warring desert tribes of flesh & bone, and their various flags and allegiances.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Society is nearly ruthless abandon. For the agents of chaos argue and cajole with one another; but their hearts have not all the colors of a True rainbow. For if their hearts instead burned like inspiration upon crystal, their souls would inhabit an oasis safe from warring desert tribes of flesh & bone - and the various flags and allegiances they hide behind.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
My Mother is Wisdom and She sometimes gives this fool some gifts that I share in order to inspire others towards a more Charitable society.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
That's the best thing I have to offer.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Society is nearly ruthless abandon. For the agents of chaos argue and cajole with one another; but their hearts have not all the colors of a True rainbow. For if their hearts instead burned like inspiration upon crystal, their souls would inhabit an oasis safe from warring desert tribes of flesh & bone - and the various flags and allegiances their sweeping terrors hide behind.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Chautaqua notes: warn the kids early about which characters are hard to research and provide tools. Give qualifications of characters and expect deliverables. Challenges of depicting each character (example: Helen Keller). Authentic context means naming things what they were called in the times. When you draw a blank...shaping question direction..engaging mannerism during presentation..set the scene..what did you not like about your character..sequential presentation to cause liking of character..cause your audience to watch your character relive their memories..paint the 5 senses..own words..others words...the least removed the better.}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
......}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
.....}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
....}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
....}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
....}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
...}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
The Six Paramitas, Alliterated}{\loch
\line \line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Charity}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Conduct}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Challenge}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Constance}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Contemplation}{\loch
\line }{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\fs21\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Correctness}
\par }