{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg819
{\stylesheet
{\s0 Normal;}
{\s1\snext0\outlinelevel0\fs36\b Heading 1;}
{\s2\snext0\outlinelevel1\fs32\b Heading 2;}
{\s3\snext0\outlinelevel2\fs28\b Heading 3;}
{\s4\snext0\outlinelevel3\fs24\b Heading 4;}
{\s5\snext0\outlinelevel4\fs20\b Heading 5;}
{\s6\snext0\outlinelevel5\fs16\b Heading 6;}
}
{\pard\plain\s0 NOVEMBER 14TH, 2022\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 First, a Signal Backup\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Men's eyes chase your flesh for refuge. Little do they know the refuge of your Blessed Assurance.\line Little do they know the eyes of trusting surrender.\line Little do they know the purposeful creation of life.\line Little do they know the journey of Joy, Sorrow and Glory that is Devotion to Wisdom.\line Little men know so little, reaching as they do for low hanging fruit\line ...\line ...\line ...\line Only Spiritual Discernment of Motives can lead to Divine Government. For, if everyone is able to give voice to say, the profit motive, for example..then we can interact with and do battle in Yetzirah. But Holy Emotions must preside in Briah, else we are likely to become the abyss we stare into, likely to become the dragon with whom we struggle. The Sacred Fire of Inspiration casts sparks, like Stars of the Sea. Linking them is...\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 {\ul https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1Vxs8Ozbw9qlD74uOOyHIg?si=s0rPMtnJQuaiOWTX-MUPBQ&pt=b5f9c93c59d415e39c5abe6bbe0ee2f5}\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 {\ul https://open.spotify.com/album/532Xfkrd2k7xL8WRB7n74M?si=VcnYqGkrRk-C3gaLkd8UkQ}\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 {\b Emily Scott Robinson Reimagines Shakespeare\rquote s Witches}\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 www.nodepression.com\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 {\ul https://www.nodepression.com/emily-scott-robinson-reimagines-shakespeares-witches/}\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Enlightment is the whole in relationship with the part\line This is the doctrine of the Trinity, an actualizing metaphor, once understood - Transcendent Father, Immanent Son & Holy Spirit, which is our best angel, a Comforter, a Counselor and an Intermediary State of the Heart, which is The Way of Transcendence.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 or Yoga - unity.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Benevolent Unity is the state of emotional reward whenever we act through trust in the Wisdom of the Golden Rule.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Being a hermit empath is feeling the emotion of the world.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 AA converted me from asshole to Boddhisatva. The ego is a dangerous tool best wielded by a wise soul. I lived like Mercury. So I was mercurial. It took me decades to allow myself to be graced by the better part. That better part is contentment over success. Able over Cain. The 7 deadlies and the 7 deadlies battled over my soul. And, in the end, after all of my struggles, a supernatural little girl swept in and saved my soul.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 *the seven remedies\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Religions, at their best, are tools to train the soul for the ever-blossoming personal realization of the Ineffable Presence.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Religions, at their best, are tools to train the soul toward ever-blossoming personal realization of the Ineffable Presence. Nirvana & Samsara, dancing like a dervish.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Today, I possess sufficient health, freedom and prosperity to aspire to actualizing the dao.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 "Actualization is a sport for Spiritual Olympians" says Nietzsche's Thou Shalt. But the defeat in one's mind of the Priesthood of Mercenaries can only be aspired to once the prerequisites of Maslo are obtained.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Giving agency to ideas brings Plato's shadows out of the cave.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Lovers and haters both have their merits. But lover's get the better deal in life.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 *lovers\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 ; and Lovers of the Divine, the best.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 With Bliss comes the call of the Boddhisatva, which makes one, if one chooses, an eternal & sufficient, humble aspirant. I am & I am not is the duality resolved by the Beatific Vision.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 The ego says, how tall is 'I'?\line While the soul says, how wide is 'I'.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 The former is a flaming square..the latter, a watery circle. Together, He and She make a universe of Bacchus steam.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 She is the Formless of All the Forms. Kali tempted Eve with the gnosis of bloody confidences. We fell from her into a plane of conflict, while, at the same time, a heavenly Star of the Sea is our very Mother each moment we choose Her.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 He is Her Son, form. She is Formlessness.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 -\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Cain has ruled most of my days thus far, and Cain's shadow jealousy of Able once ruled my nights. The gravity of death consumed me. WOW.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 I could not look it in the face, because I was not brave enough to face it. But like a minatour, it chased me through the maze of my mind, as I frantically and desperately searched for the philosopher's stone. You know...'The Answer.' The Answer is a personal connection with the Benevolent Transcendent.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 The affectionate, formal name I choose for ---- is B.I.T. - Benevolent, Ineffable, Transcendent.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Cain is Yetzirah, Able is Briah\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 The ego is jealous of contentment, and seeks to kill it.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Yaima - Rebirth ... amazing song. \par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Our society does not possess Spiritual Discernment...so it does not use words with discretion. Our lack of discretion has diluted the meanings of words, allowing the Logos to be scourged by mercenary spirits. These mercenary spirits now rule the whole world and are fighting amongst themselves as to which demon shall ultimately rule this global empire of greed.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Morality once belonged to religion; but religion disappointed us. Mankind, adrift upon Nietztsche\rquote s fallen star, no longer aspires toward Divine Relationship; consequently, human beings have been relegated to philosophical materialism, moral cynicism, spiritual complacency and societal decay. Is it just me...or wasn\rquote t the nation of priests instructed to accept only the Most High as King?\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Possession is a lie. Stewardship is the Truth. How will we get from lies to Truth? That is the foremost question that global society must answer. For if lies in the name of defensive self-interest are the best foundations we can lay for our world, then our States will be sorry indeed. If this is our code then it matters not what flag we fly, or what we say we believe in.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 ~~~\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Society as:\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Layman\rquote s Collective\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 `````````````````````````````\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Humility\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Unspecialization\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Necessities decided upon and provided for all, by all\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Collaboration towards ever-greater material luxury\par}
{\pard\plain\s0     but as a downstream value of the Unity of Grace (which is an internal, realized State of Bliss)\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 The only state that ultimately matters is State of Mind, for government states flow from that source\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 ---\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 Psychology has degenerated into the fatalistic PR department for Big Pharma\par}
{\pard\plain\s0    No cures for the spirit\par}
{\pard\plain\s0    No hope for the soul\par}
{\pard\plain\s0    Philosophical materialism is its god\par}
{\pard\plain\s0         And that breeds nihilistic biofascism\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 ---\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 I like pot. It is, for me, a spiritual caress.\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0 ---\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
{\pard\plain\s0\par}
}